Update MQTT Agent submodule and add interface (#3134)
aws/amazon-freertos: demos/coreMQTT_Agent/CMakeLists.txt

# FreeRTOS coreMQTT demos
afr_demo_module(core_mqtt_agent)

# Set the default demo that is enabled in the downloaded package.
afr_set_demo_metadata(ID "CORE_MQTT_CONNECTION_SHARING_DEMO")

> afr_set_demo_metadata(DESCRIPTION "Examples that demonstrate the MQTT library")
> afr_set_demo_metadata(DISPLAY_NAME "coreMQTT Demos")

Reviewer: The metadata information for the coreMQTT Agent demos should be separate from the coreMQTT demos as they represented by 2 different demo targets now
```suggestion
afr_set_demo_metadata(DESCRIPTION "Examples that demonstrate the coreMQTT Agent library")
afr_set_demo_metadata(DISPLAY_NAME "coreMQTT Agent Demo")
```

Author: I removed this for now. I'll add it back once we port the actual demo

# Add the CMakeLists.txt file of module to metadata list.
afr_module_cmake_files(${AFR_CURRENT_MODULE} 
    ${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/CMakeLists.txt
)

afr_module_sources(
    ${AFR_CURRENT_MODULE}
    INTERFACE
        "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/mqtt_demo_connection_sharing.c"
        # Add the header file added to the target's metadata so that it
        # is available in code downloaded from the FreeRTOS console.
        ${AFR_DEMOS_DIR}/include/aws_iot_metrics.h
)

afr_module_include_dirs(
    ${AFR_CURRENT_MODULE}
    INTERFACE
       "${AFR_DEMOS_DIR}/include"
)

afr_module_dependencies(
    ${AFR_CURRENT_MODULE}

>     INTERFACE

Reviewer: There needs to be a dependency on `AFR::mqtt_agent_interface` module for the interface implementation files

Reviewer: Similar dependency needs to be added to the `core_mqtt_agent_demo_dependencies` target as well

Author: Added
